http://lsc.cornell.edu/notes.html

Machine Learning can seem like a daunting subject. After all, it's a subject that encompasses a broad range of 
mathematical disciplines like Linear Algebra, Calculus, Probability Theory, and Statistics. People spend many years 
earning their PhDs in this subject and traditionally its been considered on of those topics that indeed requires years 
to learn. 

I disagree completely. I'm a college dropout and although i took machine learning classes at Columbia, 
I never really understood the subject. The only way I was able to learn machine learning was by utilizing the 
power of the Internet, and all the information i could tap into to be able to learn on my own time, in my own way. 
We're all taught what to learn in school, but none of us were taught how to learn. Learning how to learn is just as 
if not even more important a skill than learning any single subject. Throughout the years I've been able to develop 
some study habits that have helped me learn advanced concepts, like machine learning, really fast. I'm talking on the 
order of 3 months, instead of 3 years. And I'm confident enough about my knowledge on this topic that i've made it apart 
of my online persona. So in this blog post i'm going to show you 8 ways to Learn faster that i'd like you to incorporate 
into your study routines throughout the course. If you follow these steps, you'll be able to learn machine learning much 
faster than any PhD or anyone whos invested years in the subject would have you believe. Here we go!.

1. Take Notes Effectively 

The quicker you learn, the better your notes are. Knowing how to take thorough and precise notes will assist you 
remember ideas, gain a deeper understanding of the subject matter, and create meaningful learning abilities. So, before 
learning a fresh subject, make sure you learn distinct note-taking techniques like the Cornell Method 
http://lsc.cornell.edu/notes.html  that helps you organize class notes into readily digestible summaries.Whatever 
technique you use, some fundamental note-taking tips include: listen to your own words and take notes.Leave spaces and 
lines between the primary concepts to revisit and add data later.Develop a coherent scheme of time-saving abbreviations 
and symbols.Write in sentences, not in full sentences. Learn how to extract significant data and disregard trivial data.

2. Teach what you've learned 

If you think you're going to have to teach someone else the content or task you're attempting to understand, according 
to a research at Washington University in St. Louis, you can speed up your teaching and remember more. According to 
John Nestojko, a postdoctoral researcher in psychology and research co-author, the expectation shifts your mindset so 
you participate in more efficient approaches to teaching than those who merely learn to pass a test. Between two 
teaching sessions, sleeping makes retention much better.
"When educators are preparing to teach, they tend to search for main points and organize data into a consistent 
framework," writes Nestojko. "Our findings indicate that when learners expect to learn, they also turn to these 
kinds of efficient teaching approaches." 

3. Learn in timed segments

 Experts at the Center for Academic Success at Louisiana State University recommend that 30-50 minutes should be 
 spent learning fresh material. "Anything less than 30 is simply not enough, but anything more than 50 is too much 
 data for your brain to take in at once," writes graduate assistant Ellen Dunn's teaching strategies. Neil Starr, 
 a course mentor at Western Governors University, an internet non-profit college where the average student earns a 
 bachelor's degree in two and a half years, agrees that once you're finished, take a five to 10 minute break before 
 you begin another session. It can assist you master it quicker by changing the way you exercise a fresh motor skill.
 He advises preparing for sessions of micro-learning. "For the more challenging ideas you try to master, make note cards
 by side," he tells. "You never understand when to take benefit of some in-between moment."

4. Sleep more!

According to fresh studies published in Psychological Science, downtime is crucial when it comes to maintaining what 
you learn and receiving sleep in between study sessions can increase your memory up to six months later. Participants 
were instructed the Swahili translation in two sessions for 16 French phrases in an experiment conducted in France. 
Participants in the "wake" group completed the first morning learning session and the second on the evening of the same day,
while participants in the "sleep" group completed the first evening session, slept, and finished the second session the 
following morning. Participants who slept between sessions, on average, remembered about 10 of the 16 words, while those 
who had not slept only remembered about 7.5 phrases."Our findings indicate that weaving sleep between training sessions 
leads to a double benefit, decreasing relearning time and ensuring much better long-term retention than exercise alone," 
writes University of Lyon psychologist Stephanie Mazza. "Previous study proposed that sleeping after learning is certainly 
a healthy approach, but now we're showing that sleeping between two training sessions makes such a strategy much better." 

5. Learn in different ways

If you use various methods to learn something, you will use more brain areas to store data on this topic. This makes 
your brain's data more interconnected and integrated. It essentially generates a redundancy of knowledge in your mind, 
helping you to truly learn and not merely memorize the data.Using separate media, you can do this by stimulating distinct 
components of the brain, such as reading notes, reading the textbook, watching a video and listening to a podcast or 
audio file on the subject. The quicker you learn, the more resources you use.


6 . Relate what you've learned to what you already know

The more fresh concepts you can relate to ideas you already know, the faster the fresh data you will learn. Many prevalent 
study habits are counterproductive, according to the book Make It Stick. They may generate a mastery illusion, but the data
is fading from our minds rapidly.Memory plays a key role in our capacity to perform complicated cognitive functions, 
such as applying understanding to issues we have not previously experienced and drawing inferences from already known facts. 
You will discover extra layers of meaning in the fresh content by discovering methods to fit fresh data into pre-existing
understanding. This will assist you to comprehend it more essentially, and you will be able to remember it more precisely.
This technique is used by Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX. He said that he views expertise as a "semantic tree." 
His recommendation when learning fresh stuff is to "make sure you know the values, i.e. the trunk and large branches, 
before you get into the leaves / details or there is nothing to hold on to them." When you link the new to the old, you 
offer yourself mental "hooks" on which to hang the fresh information.

7. Don't try multitasking.

The information is conclusive: multitasking makes you less productive, more distracted, and more stupid. Studies even 
demonstrate that individuals who pretend to be good at multitasking are not better at multitasking than the average.
Effective learners concentrate on one thing at a moment. So don't attempt to study while responding to text messages 
intermittently, watching television, and checking your Twitter feed.Here are some recommendations for improving your 
concentration: turn off notifications on your phone Put your mobile back or switch it to aircraft mode Log out of all 
immediate messaging programs Turn off Internet access on your desktop Use an app like Freedom Close all of your internet 
browser windows that are not linked to the task you are working on Clear the clutter from your study region 

8. Use mnemonic devices 


Using a mnemonic device is one of the best ways to memorize a big quantity of data rapidly: a pattern of letters, 
sounds or other associations that help you learn something. One of the most common mnemonic instruments in the 
kindergarten is one we learned— the alphabet song. This song enables kids remember their "ABCs," and it stays 
deeply embedded in our adult memory. Another is to assist us remember a grammar rule before e except after c."  
Mnemonics assist in simplifying, summarizing and compressing data to make learning simpler. For medical school or 
law school learners, or individuals studying a fresh language, it can be really useful. So, if you're going to have 
to memorize and store large amounts of new information, try a mnemonic and you'll find yourself remembering the 
information long past your test.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKBZjH7Ot2g


